1) Counts to keep track of:
    a) Ammo
    b) Steps
    c) Failure count: if zombie crosses the line
    d) Score: zombies killed - failure count
2) Number of archers = 2; Number of knights = 2; Same for every game.
3) Duration of game = 30 seconds. It's the same for every game.
4) Number of arrows available and stamina pool for each knight is same across every game. This means that same number of arrows in global pool as in num archers * individual pool, without accounting for rounding up. Each archer, if individual pool is chosen, gets the same number of arrows.
5) The speed of arrows, speed of knights, and distance of a step of a knight is the same.
6) Game 0: normal game unrestricted
7) Include ammo restriction and stamina (step) restriction: 
    a)Game 1a: Archers have a global pool of ammo. That is, every archer has access to this global pool and once this global pool has run out, all archers cease firing and can do nothing. We assume that the archers never move as their range is infinite. Knights have an individual pool of stamina. For Archer, one arrow fire is ammo count - 1 and for knight one step is stamina-1. For Knights both attack and step have the same stamina cost. Once the knight has run out of stamina, he can do nothing more. He cannot move. He cannot attack. No learning.
    b)Game 1b: Same environment as Game 1a except the archers have an Individual pool of ammo. That is, if global pool has n arrows and there are x archers, then the individual pool of each archer will have n/x arrows, rounded up. No learning here as well.
    c)Game 2: We choose the ammo pool from whichever has the best score from Game 1a or Game 1b. If the individual pool of ammo produced a better score than the global pool then Game 3 will have an individual pool of ammo. This game includes the most basic form of teamwork. We want the archers to go for distant targets and generally try being snipers. We want the knights to go for closer targets. The game starts with every archer and knight generated by default at the end zone. We want the knights to be proactive. We want them to go forth and hunt targets. This game will be where we add the first deep learning architecture. We will include an attention encoder.
    d)Game 3: This is a continuation of the Game 2 model. We refine the teamwork approach from Game 2. Here, we decide that one knight should stay back and patrol the end zone. We define the end zone to be the bottom 20% of the game environment height. We want the knight to be in the end zone so he can attack any zombies that have made their way to the end zone and prevent them from crossing and increasing failure count by 1. We use a GRU here in addition to the attention encoder from Game 2.
    e)Game 4: This game is a continuation of the Game 3 model. We refine the teamwork approach further here. We introduce the concept of a target lock here. Each knight has a target which we need to keep track of. A knight can only target lock zombies within a particular range of its position. This range is defined to be a circle around the knight with a radius of 15% of the game environment width. Additionally, the knight that is in the end zone can only target lock any zombie that is also in the end zone and cannot move out of the end zone. Archers also have target locks. An archer will target lock a zombie before firing an arrow at it.Archers will ignore any zombie that has been target locked. Once the target-locked zombie is dead, the archer/knight's target lock become blank and they can select a new target lock.
    f)Game 5: This game is a continuation of the Game 4 model. Here we introduce pragmatism to the archer's view towards the knight's target lock. The system will take into account the positions of the target zombie and the knight with their target lock and their speeds as well. It will then decide if the zombie will make it to the finish line before the knight can get to it. If that is so, then the archer will ignore the knight's target lock and fire at that zombie.
8) Evaluation: We need the game environment to be the same for every game/model being evaluated so that the metrics are meaningful as they were generated from the same base data. This means that the zombies are released in the exact same pattern and number.
9) Metrics being evaluated:
    a)Score: zombies killed - failure count
    b)%Stamina expended by knights
    c)%ammo expended by archers and subdivided by archer.
    d)Raw kill count: subdivided further into archers vs knights.
    e)Attack count: subdivided into archers vs knights